Advisor docs (#1347)
scylladb/scylla-monitoring: docs/source/advisor/cqlNonPaged.rst

Some SELECT queries are non-paged
---------------------------------

> By default, read queries are paged, this means that Scylla will break the results into multiple chunks (pages) limiting the reply size. Non-Paged queries require all results to be returned in one reply increasing the overall load on Scylla and drivers and clients should avoid them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, read queries are paged, this means that Scylla breaks the results into multiple chunks (pages) limiting the reply size. Non-Paged queries require all results to be returned in one reply increasing the overall load on Scylla. Thus, drivers and clients should avoid sending these queries.
```
